What do you want?
Carry out Miss Luo's orders
Cut off your bane
Make the loach no longer fertile
Shanshan is the real Miss Luo
She told you to kill that fake hum
I can tell who the fake is.
I don't need you to teach me
No matter who dares to impersonate Miss Luo today
Will be severely punished
And now I'm going to carry out Miss Luo's orders
It's not good to be exposed.
I have to go quickly
Please! Help!
Stop! Let go of my son!
Mom Shanshan
Shanshan, save my mother
Ouch, isn't that your Miss Luo?
How come when something happens
Run away like a mouse across the street
Shanshan, why are you running?
Aren't you the real Miss Luo?
Yang Xianfeng, I am the eldest lady of the Luo family
But not the eldest lady of the Luo family from the first family
It's none of my business that you got it wrong.
I'm leaving first stop